Page Title: BBC Home - Breaking News, World News, US News, Sports, Business, Innovation, Climate, Culture, Travel, Video & Audio

Paragraph 1: Allegations of vote rigging threw the Miss Fiji pageant into turmoil - but what was the truth?
Paragraph 2: Edmundo González landed at a military base in Madrid, where he will be granted political asylum. 
Paragraph 3: Allegations of vote rigging threw the Miss Fiji pageant into turmoil - but what was the truth?
Paragraph 4: Edmundo González landed at a military base in Madrid, where he will be granted political asylum. 
Paragraph 5: Israeli officials say a gunman approached from the Jordanian side and opened fire.
Paragraph 6: World number one Jannik Sinner secures his second Grand Slam title of the year with victory over American Taylor Fritz in the US Open final.
Paragraph 7: The actress reflects on being told to sit up straighter on the set of a film to hide her belly rolls.
Paragraph 8: Police have found a firearm they believe was used the Saturday shooting on a Kentucky highway as the manhunt continues.
Paragraph 9: The Grammy-award winning musician said he wants to remind the world why rap music is the "most impactful genre to date". 
Paragraph 10: The Klamath River is free of four huge dams for the first time in generations. But for the Yurok tribe, the river's restoration is only just beginning – starting with 18 billion seeds.
Paragraph 11: Nearly a third of Monfalcone's residents are foreign, and the mayor says the "cultural essence" of the town is in danger.
Paragraph 12: His packed trip to Asia involves three countries in which Catholics are a minority.
Paragraph 13: A 51-year-old man escapes but his wife, daughter and two grandchildren are buried in the landslide.
Paragraph 14: The 2024 Summer Paralympic Games are drawing to a close, and the athletes leave behind a string of broken records.
Paragraph 15: Ugandan Olympic runner Rebecca Cheptegei died after her former partner allegedly set her on fire.
Paragraph 16: Thousands have been told to leave their homes as the Line Fire threatens over 35,000 buildings in San Bernadino County.
Paragraph 17: A 51-year-old man escapes but his wife, daughter and two grandchildren are buried in the landslide.
Paragraph 18: The 14-year-old suspect is accused of shooting and killing four people at Apalachee High School.
Paragraph 19: Argentina overturn a 17-point deficit to condemn Australia to their heaviest Test defeat, with a thumping victory in the Rugby Championship.
Paragraph 20: Chery is weighing up the possibility of building cars in the UK, according to a senior executive.
Paragraph 21: The 2024 Summer Paralympic Games are drawing to a close, and the athletes leave behind a string of broken records.
Paragraph 22: In Vanimo, a town near the border with Indonesia, the Pope donned a traditional Bird of Paradise feathered headdress.
Paragraph 23: The prime minister speaks to Laura Kuenssberg in his first major Downing Street interview.
Paragraph 24: The Bristol Brabazon laid the foundation for the development of Concorde.
Paragraph 25: Fifty years since it was first performed in a London theatre, the cult classic is back on stage.
Paragraph 26: Scottish mum, Gemma Doherty, has started stone lifting as a hobby.
Paragraph 27: Rob Davies says he is 'chuffed to be back on the stage' after winning a silver medal in table tennis at the Paris 2024 Paralympics.
Paragraph 28: The iconic team has developed technology which spread to concerts, nightclubs, and other sports teams.
Paragraph 29: The empty spacecraft completed a six-hour flight to the New Mexico’s White Sands Space Harbor.
Paragraph 30: The 70-year-old ties the knot with his partner of 34 years in the Caribbean. 
Paragraph 31: BBC Sport rounds up some of the best stats from an "incredible" Paralympic Games in Paris.
Paragraph 32: Both buildings have had fires recently, but residents on opposite ends of the economic spectrum tell of very different experiences.
Paragraph 33: The footage - captured by a Nasa astronaut - shows the skies brighten as the International Space Station passes over Europe.
Paragraph 34: The acclaimed guitarist worked with David Bowie, Paul McCartney and Sir Elton John.
Paragraph 35: In the Ribeira Sacra's dizzyingly high landscapes, near-vertical vineyards are perched above rivers. The stunning scenery – and the resulting wines – are an oenophile's dream.
Paragraph 36: Sicily's mysterious ocean songs contain secret messages about ancient fishing practices – with ramifications for today’s ecology.
Paragraph 37: Drought forces the real Paddington Bear into deadly conflict with cattle farmers in the Andes.
Paragraph 38: The week's best stories, handpicked by BBC editors, in your inbox every Tuesday and Friday.
Paragraph 39: Cut through the spin with North America correspondent Anthony Zurcher - in your inbox every Wednesday.
Paragraph 40: News for every schedule. Bookend your weekdays with top headlines and expert analysis.
Paragraph 41: She avoided the challenges and scrutiny of a bitter Democratic primary, so Tuesday's debate entails even higher stakes.
Paragraph 42: Israel's prime minister insists his forces will not leave the Philadelphi corridor between Gaza and Egypt.
Paragraph 43: Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky has asked for more aid to "drive Russian forces off our land".
Paragraph 44: Israeli extremists are working to make settlements in the West Bank irreversible, analysts fear.
Paragraph 45: Copyright 2024 BBC. All rights reserved.  The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
Paragraph 46:  
